(serene music)
- Hey, I didn't catch your name.
What was it again?
- Hmm?
Ryu.
Ryu Lion.
- Ryu?
That's kind of hard to
pronounce.
- Hmm.
Okay then, from now on,
I think I'll call you Lion.
Okie dokey?
(giggling)
(Opening Song)
- [Ryu Voiceover] Just
hold out for five minutes.
If I don't give Mr. Cranel
a break now,
he's going to fall apart.
The walls are just beginning
to repair themselves,
which means monsters
shouldn't spawn for a while.
Futaba is my only weapon, and
given the state of my leg,
I'm not sure how
well I can fight.
As long as we manage to
escape the Deep Floors,
he's got a decent
chance of survival.
So until we reach the
tunnel to the 36th floor,
I must keep him alive,
no matter the cost.
(mysterious rattling)
(ominous music)
Can't move fast enough.
(blade swishing)
(creature chomping)
(blood spattering)
(grunting)
(blade swishing)
- That's it.
That was five minutes.
- Please forgive me.
I guess I was a lousy lookout.
- It's okay.
Don't you worry.
It's your turn to get
some sleep, Miss Ryu.
- Thank you, Mr. Cranel.
I think that
I've reached my limit.
- Lion, are you listening to me?
Your captain is giving
you important information,
and you're staring
off into space.
You've got some
nerve there, missy.
- Apologies, Alise, I shouldn't
have gotten distracted.
I'm sorry.
- I can let it slide.
- Oh, I see.
I'm dreaming.
My memories of five years ago,
of the Astrea Familia.
(pensive flute music)
(intense orchestral music)
- But I thought,
because we held out for so long,
we could escape being
consumed by despair.
(monster roaring)
- [Lili] Cassandra, look out!
- [Cassandra Voiceover]
Haruhime!
- Haruhime!
- This can't really be the end.
- Mikoto!
Haruhime!
If it's the last thing I
ever do, you're gonna pay.
- I am gonna rip your head off,
you piece of shit!
(both shouting)
- Hold on, wait!
I said wait, damn it!
- We have to help them.
- Shit.
(flames roaring)
- Die, you asshole!
(Aisha grunting)
(axe slicing)
- [Daphne] Need some ground.
- I got it.
(monster roaring)
(coughing)
(intense orchestral music)
- [Ouka] What the?
(water bubbling)
(panting)
(shouting)
- Big Guy, no!
(ice shattering)
Get up!
(monster roaring)
(intense music)
(Ouka shouting)
Hang on!
- Come on, blacksmith,
let's go!
(lively folk music)
It'll be fine.
Just shoot!
- Shut up, you're not my boss.
I'm trusting you on this one.
Hiya!
(ice crashing)
(monster roaring)
(sword shattering)
(Ouka shouting)
- Now!
- [Mikoto Voiceover] God of
strength.
Bringer of destruction.
I humbly beseech thee.
Grant me guidance
from the heavens.
Fill my meager body
with thy sublime
and sacred power.
Save us, O purifying light,
blade of righteousness.
Swing true, O vanquishing sword.
miraculous, steely punishment.
Here and now,
I call upon thy name.
- Now!
Mikoto!
- Descend from the heavens,
and take hold of the earth.
Conquest of the gods!
Futsu no mitama!
(magic swelling)
(fire and ice exploding)
(passionate orchestral music)
(fish exploding)
- [Mikoto Voiceover]
We can't lose.
If I sacrifice my life,
we can't lose.
(Mikoto shouting)
(monster roaring)
- Mikoto!
She's alive!
(flames roaring)
- Haruhime.
- My whole body feels
like it's on fire.
I don't care.
Let it burn away.
As long as my song reaches
their ears from the ashes.
Bless the vessel
with thine power.
A tower of riches
for a tower of wishes!
Come forth, champion of valor.
- Mikoto!
Don't let go.
(shouting)
Kokuu!
(axe slicing)
(monster roaring)
- Let them grow!
- Give it to me!
Haruhime!
- Uchide no Kozuchi!
(Aisha shouting)
- Ravenous blade,
thy name is Hippolyta.
(flames roaring)
- Hell Kaios!
(monster roaring)
(ice shattering)
(wind blowing)
(waves crashing)
- Miss Aisha.
- You're all grown up now,
aren't you?
Silly little fox.
- [Lili] Hm.
- Mikoto!
(somber orchestral music)
- We defeated it.
We beat a floor boss
all on our own.
- Nice work everyone,
but we're not out of
the woods just yet.
(Lili shouting)
- Li'l Bit, what's wrong?
- Look at this.
Amphisbaena dropped an item,
a super rare dragon liver.
- Good grief.
- And there she goes again.
(all laughing)
- [Cassandra Voiceover]
Could this really be it?
Have we finally broken free
from the cage of despair?
Does this mean we're safe?
(ground rumbling)
(ice shards rattling)
- What the?
- Uh oh, this looks bad.
(Turk and allies shouting)
- Is that Turk?
Those dumbasses.
- This isn't what
we agreed on, Jura.
Why didn't you mention
any of this shit, huh?
- Okay, there must be a way
to access the 24th floor
through the tree roots.
Let's follow their
lead and bail.
If we stay, we'll
be buried alive.
- [Cassandra Voiceover]
No, it's not over.
We're still in the
middle of my premonition.
The cage of despair
shall become a coffin,
and thou shalt suffer.
Do not forget, the
light thou seekest
is the life-giving sun,
for there is no other.
The life-giving sun?
What am I supposed
to do with that?
I don't know. I don't know...
- Lady Aisha!
Master Bell's still down there.
- Don't you get it yet?
Take a look around.
We gotta go.
- [Lili] I know, but look.
It's the tunnel
to the 26th floor.
All those tremors must have
unblocked the entrance.
- Hold on.
You really want us to go in
there?
- What happens if more
falls down and traps us?
- I agree with Li'l Bit here.
We can't leave until
we rescue Bell.
- [Aisha] Have you
lost your damn mind?
Haruhime and Mikoto
can't even walk.
- Miss Aisha.
Don't worry about me.
Please find him.
- Not you too.
- We don't have time to
argue the pros and cons.
We'll figure it out.
But after we've had
a chance to regroup.
We have got to get up there
right now.
- No, we need to move east.
- [Daphne] What?
- [Cassandra] We need to head
down to 26, quickly.
- [Daphne] Cassandra, what
the hell are you talking about?
- Trust me this time, Daphne.
I see it now.
I've been getting it wrong
this whole time.
- Huh?
- The life-giving sun.
When the sun vanishes, it
reappears as the sunrise.
So the life-giving sun was
referring to a direction.
It was never a person
or a time of day.
In order to avoid death,
we have to follow the
life-giving sun,
to the east.
I'm not sure what the
rest of the prophecy's
supposed to mean.
Well, not yet anyway, but I do
know this.
We have to go east.
Now come on, let's head to the
26th floor.
- Stop it!
Enough is enough.
We're in the middle of a crisis
and you're still talking
nonsense.
- But in my vision,
- To hell with your vision.
Our lives are at stake here, you
know.
I say we go up.
We should climb our way
up to the 24th floor.
Considering all of the risks,
it's the only logical option
we've got.
- Get ready to move.
- [Chigusa] Here,
let me help you.
- How many times have I
felt weak and powerless?
Daphne's always doubted
my premonitions.
She's never once believed me.
But I must do something.
- Listen to me, Daphne.
I was constantly running away.
I was being controlled by fear.
I was in pain.
It was like torture.
Nobody ever believed me.
No one ever seemed to care,
and I didn't want
to get hurt anymore,
but I, I can't stand here
and watch my friends die.
If I run away now,
Daphne, I will lose any reason
I ever had to go on living.
(ground rumbling)
- Above us, look!
(ice breaking)
- [Daphne] Cassandra!
(ice crashing)
(suspenseful music)
- If ever there was a time
to listen to me, it's now.
So please,
please, Daphne.
Just trust me this once.
- Cassandra,
no one believes any of your
nonsense.
Change of plans.
We go east.
Head for the tunnel
to the 26th floor.
- Come on.
What the hell are you doing?
- You said it was dangerous.
What happened?
- I don't trust your
ridiculous visions,
or whatever you call them,
but there's one thing I do
trust,
and that is you, Cassandra
Ilion.
(both panting)
- We should get going too.
- Roger.
Hey, wait up.
No, hold on.
- [Mikoto] We should
go with them.
I would also like to
help Master Bell.
- Mikoto?
All right then, let's move.
- Oh, shit.
Fine, but this is on you.
(rocks crashing)
(Turk and allies yelling)
Forget about them.
Let's go.
(emotional orchestral music)
(Ouka shouting)
Go, go, go!
(branch crashing)
(branches creaking)
- If we had tried to go
back up to the 24th floor,
then we would've been trapped.
Or worse.
- Close call, guys.
- I'd rather not think about it.
- Thanks Cassandra.
You saved all our lives.
- Oh, Daphne!
I cannot thank you enough
for believing in me.
- Knock it off, already.
- You're my best friend ever.
- You're squishing me.
- Just the best!
- Okay, then,
we've come this far.
There's no turning back
until we track down Bell.
- [All] Yeah!
(Ending Song)
- [Cassandra] Next time,
"Ignis."